adding tutorial for sending an SMS with asp.net (#3254)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _tutorials/en/sms-api/install-vonage-dotnet.md

---
title: Add Vonage Dotnet SDK
description: Install the Vonage .NET SDK package to the csproj
---

# Add the Vonage .NET SDK

> In your console, navigate into the `VonageSms` and run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change into the `VonageSms` directory that you created in the preceding step, and execute the following command:
```

Author: Fixed

```sh
dotnet add package Vonage
```

> You can now open the `VonageSms.csproj` file in Visual Studio. Alternatively you can open this whole folder in Visual Studio Code, however note that if you use VS Code you may need to take care of some of the scaffolding that Visual Studio does that is assumed by this tutorial.

Reviewer: I'd move the whole "Alternatively" thing into a "note":

```suggestion
You can now open the `VonageSms.csproj` file in Visual Studio. 

> **Note**: This tutorial assumes that you are using Visual Studio. Alternatively, you could open the `VonageSms` folder in Visual Studio Code or another editor, but you might have to create some of the scaffolding that Visual Studio generates for you.
```

Author: agreed, moved it to a note
